Notes:

Search terms missing fossil mods

Consider making caches for mass craft results' ToString() and GetLiveProperties() return values.
Lots of unneccesary repeat calls done while sorting since they're never modified while sorting.

Maybe save post-craft options per item class in a dictionary?

Need to know before implementing beastcrafting:
> Remove catalyst quality?
> Ignore ilvl?  Uses beast's level?  Always, or only when no valid mods under ilvl?  Is that a bug and might be fixed?
> Interaction with metamod locks?
> Interaction with fractured mods?

Do Conquerors' Exalts remove catalyst quality?

Catalysts may not cover all the right mods.  Catalyst-tag relationship isn't in any included json, currently using what PoEDB says.

Need to figure out a good way to calculate mod tier, don't see a relevant stat in the json.
Rather not have to build a massive mod ID and item class table to look it up.

Dark theme?  Item display is black anyway, and currency box is black because the transparent icons look awful on white.

Fossil Helm mods have extra -X% resistance stats attached (same in PoEDB), programmatically indistinguishable from normal resist stats.
Could manually remove the lines from those specific mod templates if there's no good reason to keep them.

ModLogic saves time by assuming that adding an explicit mod will never increase an item's pool of rollable explicit mods.
I'm pretty sure this is true.  Simulation needs to be adjusted if not.

Are there any non-influenced mods with the same name as influences ("of the Hunt", etc)?
If not, ModLogic.GetInfluence can be simplified to check name instead of iterating through spawn_weight tags.
It would also allow easy grouping of ModsView by influence.

Need to test what happens when you exalt/regal/aug an item with no valid mods (due to ilvl and/or metamods).
Currently the simulation just does nothing.  Could be that influence from a conq ex is applied even if no mod is added.

Translation currently ignores digits of precision 0dp/1dp/2dp, just displays up to two decimals if they're nonzero.

Can't bench mod Fishing Rods? Bench mod definitions don't include their class but I haven't tested in-game.

There are FOUR separate sets of attack/caster tags that can all function independently (they're mostly synced for sanity's sake):
1) mod tags for fossils: "attack", "caster"
2) item tags, applied by metamods, that mods look for in order to comply: "no_attack_mods", "no_caster_mods"
3) mod tags for catalysts: "catalyst_attack", "catalyst_caster"
4) item tags, applied by mods, that other mods look for to adjust spawn rates: "has_attack_mod", "has_caster_mod"
-- many caster mods have 50% of normal weight on weapons with an attack mod and no caster mods
-- many attack mods have 65% of normal weight on weapons with a caster mod and no attack mods

Some old nerfs were implemented (on the client side) by adding a handler to the text localization process.
Example: Voltaxic's conversion mod is still 100% in definition, but has a "60% of Value" handler tacked on.

A mod tag for fossils is "defences" - plural with a 'c', while another tag for catalysts is "jewellery_defense" - singular with an 's'.

Odd tag behavior on boots: Redeemer's/Shaper's attack dodge blocks Elder's spell dodge, but is not blocked BY it. Also neither block Redeemer's spell dodge.
All attack and spell dodge mods add a "spell_dodge_tag" to item, but only Elder's spell dodge boot mods ever check against it.

ItemCraft.GetLiveProperties will need adjusting if items with properties can ever get catalyst quality (currently not the case).
Currently catalyst quality is only factored in at translation, so mods give their non-qualitied value while calculating properties.